Kerry Aldano, 41, Phlegmatic. Kerry is the ultimate team player and natural leader. He's been training all his life, and he's the best at what he does. His main goal is for the team to make it home tonight, while getting as many blankbodies as possible. "They cannot pass!". Attack - 7 dices, Weapon - Submachine gun: +4 Damage. For One Roll conflict - 4 dices.

Jules Walker, 33, Phlegmatic.Before the Second Inquisition even started, Jules' family was already hunting Vampires. Nobody knows much about her, only that she leads the charge with pride and expertise, delivering deadly blows to any monster she finds in her way. "...". Attack - 8* dices, Weapon - Stake: +0 Damage + Staking Effect. For One Roll conflict - 6 dices.

Leah Nguyen, 32, Sanguine. Even after two tours in Afghanistan and an honorable discharge, nothing prepared Leah for the darkness she would find upon returning home. Being recruited by Inquisitor Kerry Aldano saved her from losing her mind. "Keep the formation!". Attack - 6 dices, Weapon - Assault Rifle: +4 Damage. For One Roll conflict - 4 dices.

Pat Gorriti, 24, Melancholic. Pat always wanted to be a Police Officer and has had an impeccable record so far. His Captain asked him one night to join her on a special assignment. He's now horrified and would rather not be here, but his loyalty and shame force him to stay. "I'm covering you." Attack - 5 dices, Weapon - Handgun: +2 Damage. For One Roll conflict - 4 dices.

Monroe Davidson, 29, Sanguine. FBI Agent Monroe Davidson has been a member of Special Affairs for years, and she is considered delusional by many of her peers. Her wish to prove that vampires exists works directly against her standing orders. Maybe this is the night. "I have seen this before. Be careful, team!". Attack - 6 dices, Weapon - Handgun: +2 Damage. For One Roll conflict - 4 dices.

Ari Fleiszman, 51, Choleric. A veteran Police Detective, Ari has been asked to cover up mysterious killings for too many years by her superiors. Now, they are allowing her to do what's right. She will not let all of those victims down. "I see one of them over there!". Attack - 6 dices, Weapon - Revolver: +2 Damage. For One Roll conflict - 4 dices.

Rudy Caballero, 37, Choleric. Rudy is a SWAT Officer. The death of his husband at the hands of vampires has made him a hardcore hunter. He's doing it mostly to leave his two kids a better world. "Don't let any of them get out alive!". Attack - 6 dices, Weapon - Shotgun: +3 Damage. For One Roll conflict - 4 dices.

Toby Nicholson, 21, Choleric. New to the Police force, but not to Vampires, Toby saw his parents die at the hands of a monster. His thirst for revenge matches his will to help children in need. "Don't believe their lies! Shoot them all!". Attack - 5 dices, Weapon - Handgun: +2 Damage. For One Roll conflict - 2 dices.

Father Avery, 65, Melancholic. Getting young people out of the streets used to be Avery's mission, until he saw first hand the cruelty of vampires. He has quickly become one of the top recruiters of the Second Inquisition in town. He's worried about his colleagues' safety. "Return to hell, abomination!". Attack - 4 dices, Weapon - Shotgun: +3 Damage. For One Roll conflict - 2 dices.

Gabriella Osorio, 27, Sanguine. After a whole life of getting in and out of prison, Gabriella has found his calling thanks to the wisdom of Father Avery: destroying the evil that creeps in the night. Tonight is her trial by fire, but she can't stop thinking about her sick mother, waiting for her at home. "I won't fail. I promise.". Attack - 5 dices, Weapon - Knife: +1 Damage. For One Roll conflict - 2 dices.