# Biography

Lana (real name Tatiana Arkhipova) was born in 1889 in a family of noblemen whose estate, once large and majestic, was located near St. Petersburg. She was the eldest of four daughters. Once her family was really rich and famous, but her father, because of his stupidity and short-sightedness, squandered all the money on obviously unsuccessful projects, thereby putting the whole family on the strike of poverty and ruin. She was trained from childhood to become a diligent wife, she studied French, like all nobles, studied etiquette, playing the piano, dancing, embroidery and ... everything that her father believed would help her become a more attractive match for a rich chosen one. But she was disgusted even with the idea of marrying a man, especially an unloved one. Lana herself dreamed of going to college and studying medicine, like those boastful and cute nobles with whom she was forced to communicate at balls and social receptions. On the sly, she read books from her home library, but it was decently empty and there were practically no scientific papers in it. Once Lana even ventured to talk about it with her father, but he categorically refused to listen to her, and when Lana tried to object to him, he once again slapped her in the face, after which he began to walk around the living room and shout about how men don't like smart women because they are too crazy and freedom-loving. The mother in this situation could not influence the father at all, even if she wanted to, she was in a dependent position and prayed to God every day that everything would finally get better in their family, and her husband's next business would not fail. But Lana believed that God did not exist, since her father was still walking on earth. Lana was a member of the "reading circle", where besides her there were 5 other girls, including her younger sister. The girls did not manage to meet as often as a full team, but under the pretext of reading French poetry, they gathered to exchange scientific books from different fields, read them and collectively discussed them, trying like sponges to absorb all those grains of information that they managed to get from different libraries. And they also discussed the social structure of society, how unfair it is, especially to women, dreamed of an ideal world without inequality. Lana hated balls and social receptions, and yet at some point she had an incentive to attend them. It was impossible not to notice this group of nobles of three women and two men - they stood out by their stateliness and beauty among other guests and always appeared together. Everyone else was in awe of them, wanted to please them and make friends with them. But it was not this that surprised the girl, but how majestic, intelligent and stately these three girls were - Anna, Alexandra and Elizabeth. Anna became the biggest idol for Lana - she often told everyone about her student years abroad, about the scientific conferences she attended. And Lana was surprised that such an educated and versatile woman could do at the ball. But one day she finally managed to get to know this group personally. It seemed to happen by itself - Anna noticed how Lana and her friends from the circle were discussing some book instead of dancing, and quite unobtrusively approached them. The conversation started very simply, Lana herself did not notice how half an hour later she had already told Anna and her friends about the “reading circle” and about what they were actually doing there. At that moment, Anna smiled, slyly narrowing her eyes: “Well, I have always been sympathetic to young girls who are hungry for knowledge. Come visit me sometime, I will be happy to share with you books from my huge library.” And so from time to time Lana began to stay at Anna's house. The woman arranged gatherings only closer to night and was always happy to offer Lana and her friends to stay overnight. Lana tried not to abuse the hospitality of her idol and the condescension of her father, who, to her surprise, allowed her to attend these meetings almost without problems and complaints. Perhaps it was because Lana mentioned to him several times two men, friends of Anna - Eugene and Alexey, who also attended these meetings from time to time. The older Lana got, the more desperately her father tried to find her a husband. Sometimes it came to the point of absurdity. Everything was fine until the moment when the father finally found a husband for Lana among his friends. Her father stopped letting her go to the meetings of the reading circle and to visit Anna. One day Anna's fiance - Vasily Brezovsky - decided to arrange a reception at his estate and invited Lana's family there. There he began to molest the girl, she had to defend herself, and she broke a vase on his head, jumped out of the window and ran away. Wounded and tired, she hid under the bridge on a cold St. Petersburg night, where Anna and Alexandra found her and took her to their place. Anna Embraced Lana to the Tremere clan and told her the basics. — Tatiana, - Anna practically exclaimed, - you look rested. You probably have a lot of questions, I have no doubt about it. Lucky I like to answer them, right? Have a seat, I have a lot to tell you. At first Lana was scared, but Anna calmed her down. Besides, they figured out how to take care of Lana's mother and her sisters. She liked the new unlife much more. In the next message I will write what happened to Lana after the Embrace, wait for the continuation.

## After the Embrace

Converted in 1910 at the age of 21, Lana wasted no time. As soon as she got used to her new body and mastered the main laws among Kindred, she immediately started studying medicine. Fortunately, Anna and Eugene, who have good connections, helped her in this. The situation was clearly complicated by the current political situation. Even as a human being and due to her noble origin, Lana was not far from political movements, although she did not like her father's views. But before her Emrace, she couldn't do anything about it.

However, Russia was in a difficult situation at that time. Unrest in the country intensified after the “Bloody Sunday” in 1905. On this day, thousands of peaceful demonstrators, mostly workers and students, gathered near the Winter Palace to present their petitions and demands to the Government regarding the improvement of living and working conditions. However, the situation got out of control when the authorities decided to use violence to disperse the demonstration.

Armed soldiers opened fire on the crowd, killing and wounding hundreds of people. This bloody incident has become a symbol of the regime's brutality and violence. Official data on the dead vary, but it is believed that hundreds of people became victims of "Bloody Sunday".

In 1914, the First World War began, in which Russia took an active part. This led to various economic difficulties in the country, an increase in social tension, an increase in political activity and the formation of opposition groups.

Lana's coterie couldn't stay away from this. When the revolution of 1917 began, Sasha, Anna, Lana and their friends actively supported the Anarchs faction. Thus, Lana very soon had the opportunity to apply her medical knowledge in practice, helping wounded Kindred and people.

